# SPSS_Anova_Independent_test
Logistics Regression is used to predict outcomes of categorical variables. In this report total life satisfaction of a person is predicted as satisfied with life or unsatisfied. ANOVA testing is done to compare means of two or more groups. In this report, financial stability of different age groups is compared and evaluated, to find is there a significant difference in their financial stability. Chi square testing is used as it is a non-parametric testing. The amount of time spend on watching television, by different genders is analyzed. Independence T test is used to compare average score of two different groups. The testing was done to find is there a significant difference in GPA score of males and females.Logistics Regression is used to predict outcomes of categorical variables. In this report total life satisfaction of a person is predicted as satisfied with life or unsatisfied. ANOVA testing is done to compare means of two or more groups. In this report, financial stability of different age groups is compared and evaluated, to find is there a significant difference in their financial stability. Chi square testing is used as it is a non-parametric testing. The amount of time spend on watching television, by different genders is analyzed. Independence T test is used to compare average score of two different groups. The testing was done to find is there a significant difference in GPA score of males and females.
Analysis of variance is used in comparing mean score of of more then two groups. In this project One-way ANOVA is used. It involves one independent variable with many different levels. It compares the variance between different groups. In this project financial satisfaction score of different age categories are compared.A one way between group analysis of variance was conducted to explore impact of age on financial score, as measured by Europa stat (in range of 1-10). Participants were divided into five groups (Group 1: 16-24 years; Group 2: 25-34 years; Group 3: 35-49 years; Group 4: 50-64 years; Group 5: 65-74 years). There was a statistically significant difference at the p < 0.05 level in financial score for the five-age group: F (4,675) = 2.918, p = 0.02. Despite reaching statistical significance, the actual difference in mean scores between the groups was quite small. The effect size calculated using eta squared was 0.027. Post-hoc comparisons using Games-Howell test indicated that the mean score for Group 1 (M=6.35, SD=0.89) was significantly different from Group 4 (M=6.03, SD=1.11). Overall there was no highly significant difference between groups 
